                                                                            Dimensions and Formatting 
                                                                                                                                                                                           45
 
  
The attribute ‘Field’ is used to create fields containing one o r more fields, like Group fields. We
can create multiple fields inside a single field , using the ‘Fields’ attribute. The attribute ‘Fields’ is
useful when multiple Fields are required to be repeated in a Li ne. For example, in case of a Trial
Balance, two Fields, i.e., Debits and Credits, are required to be repeated together if a new column
is added by a user. The new column thus added, should again contain both these fields, i.e., Debit
and Credit. In a Line Definition, only one Field can be repeate d. So, a Field is required within a
Field if more than one field requires to be repeated.
Align
The attribute ‘Align’ aligns the contents of a Field as specifi ed. The permissible values for this
attribute are Left, Center, Right, Justified and Prompt.
Syntax
Align : <String Value>
Example:
Align : Right
Horizontal Align and Vertical Align
‘Horizontal Align’ sets the alignment of the Form or Part horiz ontally while ‘Vertical align’ sets the
alignment of the Form vertically.
Syntax
Horizontal Align      : <Logical Value> 
Vertical Align        : <Logical Value>
Example:
Horizontal Align   : Right 
Vertical Align     : Bottom
;; Only for Form Definition
The alignment of the Form or Part across the width of the page is set by the attribute ‘Horizontal
Align’. The default alignment of the Form and Part is in the Ce ntre of the screen, and on the Left
on printing. Depending on the width of the Form and page , the Form or Part will be displayed or 
printed, leaving equal amount of space on the left and right of the Form.
The alignment of the Form across the height of the page is set by the attribute ‘Vertical Align’. The
default alignment of the Form is Centre of the screen, and T op on print. Depending on the height
of the form and page, the form will be displayed or printed , leaving equal amount of space on the
top and bottom of the form.
Widespaced
This attribute is used in a ‘Field’ Definition to allow increas ed spacing between the characters of
the string value specified in the field. It is used to create titles for the report/columns.
Syntax
Widespaced : <Logical Value>
Example:
Widespaced : Yes