                                                                                                                                                                                             63
Objects and Collections
Introduction
In the previous lesson, the usage of V ariables, Buttons and Keys were explained. In this lesson ,
the concept of ‘Objects’ and ‘Collections’ will be discussed in detail. Let us try to understand what
an object is in general, its importance and usage in TDL.
1. Objects
Any information that is stored in a computer is referred to as Data. Database is a collection of
information organized in such a way that a computer program can  quickly select desired data. A
database can be considered as an electronic filing system. T o a ccess information from a
database, a Database Management System (DBMS) is used. DBMS all ows to enter , organize ,
and select data in a database.
The organization of data in a database is referred to as the ‘Database Structure’. The widely used
database structures are hierarchical, relational, network and object-oriented.
In the hierarchical structure the data is arranged in a tree-li ke structure. This structure uses the
parent–child relationships to store repeating information. A parent can have multiple children, but a
child can have only one parent. The child in turn can have multiple children. Information related to
one entity is referred to as an object. A database is a group of interrelated objects.
An object is a self-contained entity that consists of both data , and procedures to manipulate the
data. It is defined as an independent entity , based on its properties and behaviour/functionality .
Objects are stored in a data base.
A relationship can be created between the objects. As discussed, the hierarchical structure has a
parent-child relationship . For example, child objects can inherit characteristics from pa rent
objects. Likewise, a child object can not exist without a parent object.
After discussing the object concept in general, let us examine the T ally object structure in the
following section.
1.1  T ally Object Structure
The T ally data base is hierarchical in nature, in which the obj ects are stored in a tree-like
structure. Each node in the tree can be a tree in itself. An ob ject in T ally is composed of methods
and collections. Method is used to retrieve data from the database.  A collection is a group of
objects. Each object in the collection can further have methods and collections. The structure is as
shown in Figure 6.1.