Dimensions and Formatting 
44
circumstances, the T op Parts will be positioned at the Left of the Screen/Page while the Bottom
Parts are positioned at the Right of the Screen/Page.
Top Lines and Bottom Lines
These attributes are used to place different lines at different  positions in a particular ‘Part’
Definition. The attributes ‘T op Lines’ and ‘Bottom Lines’ can b e specified in a Part Definition.
However, the attributes T op Lines/Lines can only be used in a Line and Field Definition.
Syntax
Top Lines    : <Line1, Line2,…..>
Bottom Lines : <Line1, Line2,…..>
Example:
Top Lines      : Form SubTitle, CMP Action 
Bottom Lines   : VCHTAXBILL Total
Top Lines and Bottom Lines – Part Definition
Attribute ‘T op Lines’ is used to place lines at the top, while attribute ‘Bottom Lines’ is used to place
lines at the bottom of the Part, with respect to the Height specified within the ‘Part’ Definition.
Left Field and Right Field
The attribute ‘Left Fields’ can be specified in both Line and F ield Definition whereas the attribute
‘Right Fields’ can only be specified in a Line Definition.
Syntax
Left Fields         : <Field1, Field2, ….> 
Right Fields        : <Field1, Field2, ….>
Example:
Left Fields            : Medium Prompt, Chg SVDate, Chg VchDate
Right Fields           : Trader TypeofPurchase, Trader QtyUtilisedTotal
Left Fields and Right Fields – Line Definition
The attribute ‘Left Fields’ and ‘Right Fields’ specified in a ‘Line’ Definition, places the fields at their
respective position. ‘Left Fields’ starts printing from the Lef t to the Right of the Line, while ‘Right
Fields’ starts printing from the Right to the Left of the Line . If ‘Repeat’ Attribute is used in a Line ,
specification of ‘Right Fields’ is not allowed, as by default, the ‘Repeat’ Attribute places the Field
specified to the Right of the Screen/Page.
Left Fields/Fields – Field Definition
Both Parts and Lines are not allowed together within a Part. They are mutually
exclusive entities. Either Parts or Lines can be specified at a time, within a Part.
