                                                                                                                                                                                             477
What’s New in Release 2.0
1. TDL Procedural Enhancements
With every Release, the TDL Procedural Capabilities are getting strengthened at a commendable
pace. The latest along this path is the File Input/Output Capability.
1.1  TDL Procedural File Input/Output Capabilities
As we are aware, any High level programming language will suppo rt Reading and Writing From/
T o multiple hardware devices. It will have predefined constructs in the form of functions to Read
from and Write to a File as well. This file can reside on the h ard disk or on a network, which can
be accessed via various protocols HTTP or FTP.
This capability introduced in TDL will now pave the way for sup porting import/export operations
from the T ally DataBase in the most amazing way. It will now be possible to export almost every
piece of information in any Data Format which we can think of . The T ext and Excel Formats are
supported, which allow data storage in SDF-Fixed Width, CSV-com ma separated, etc., sufficing
the generic data analysis requirements of any business.
The TDL artefacts used for supporting various Read/Write operat ions are Actions and Functions.
These are made to work only inside the TDL Procedural Block. ‘W rite’ operations are mostly
handled using Actions, and all the file Access and Read operati ons are performed using
Functions. These give tremendous control in the hands of the pr ogrammer for performing the
data manipulations T o/From the file. And that too, on a file present on a network accessible using
the protocols FTP and HTTP . Since these artefacts operate on characters and not bytes, the
file encoding ASCII/UNICODE does not have any effect on the operations.
File Contexts
The entire procedural Read/Write artefacts basically operate on two file contexts:
 Source file Context
When a file is opened for Reading purpose, the context available for all the ‘read’ operations is the
Source File Context. All the subsequent ‘read’ operations are p erformed on the Source File
Context.
 T arget file Context
When a file is opened for Writing purpose, the context available for all the ‘write’ operations is the
T arget File Context. All the subsequent Write operations are performed on the T arget File Context.
It is important to understand that these contexts are available  only inside the procedural block
(User Defined Function), where the files are opened for use. Th e file context concept is different
from the concept of Object Context where the Object context is carried over to all its child Objects.
File Contexts are only available to the functions, and the subs equent functions are called from
within the parent Function. The called function can override th e inherited context by opening a
new file within its block.