                                                                            What’s New in Release 3.0
                                                                                                                                                                                           467
 
  
Where,
<Action Name> can be any of ‘Print’, ‘Export’, ‘Mail’ and ‘Upload’. The actio ns ‘Print Report’,
‘Export Report’, ‘Upload Report’ and ‘Email Report’ have also been enabled in the latest release.
<Report Name> is name of the report or a dot (.). Since ‘Print Report’, ‘Expo rt Report’, ‘Upload
Report’ and ‘Email Report’ take the current report in context, and the subsequent parameter is the
logical parameter for suppressing the configuration, dot (.) signifies the specification of the current
Report Name. This is an optional parameter . However , it is mandatory in case suppress
configuration is to be enabled.
<Logical Value> can be TRUE/FALSE or YES/NO. It is an optional parameter . By default, the
value is NO. If set to YES, the configuration screen would not be displayed.
Example:
T o export current report without displaying the configuration screen:
|
|
40: EXPORT REPORT: . : TRUE
|
|
7. Optional Default TDL Loading
Many Third Party Applications use T ally's rapid application development environment to render
various complex reports using T ally Definition Language (TDL). Ta l l y.ERP 9 acts as a front end
application for various external databases to retrieve and mani pulate information, as and when
required. T ally, being a comprehensive business application, loads all the TDLs  required as per
the functional aspects of the Application. In cases where the third party applications require using
T ally purely as a development platform, loading of complete app lication TDLs may prove to be
expensive in terms of startup time.
This release onwards, the application TDLs are segregated as:
 Base TDL Files – This contains the commonly required templates like styles, va riables, 
buttons, etc., which can be used by any report which is rendered.
 Default TDL Files – This contains the TDLs which are specifically meant for funct ional 
requirements of the T ally .ERP 9 application.
This has enabled us to launch T ally using the minimal Base TDL files avoiding the overhead of
loading the Default TDL files. This can be achieved by using the command line parameter /NODEF.
The variables to be set as per the requirement of each Action is done in the same
way as discussed in prior releases. Refer to the topic “Programmable Configuration
for Actions” in Release 1.6 document for more details.
