                                                                                                 User Defined Functions 
                                                                                                                                                                                           279
 
  
<Parameter List> is the list of parameters accepted by the function.
Example:
Calling the User Defined Function at Field using $$
[Field : Call Function]
Use    : Number Field
Set as : $$FactorialOf:#InputFld
6. Function Execution – Object Context
We all are aware that in TDL, any function, method or formula gets evaluated in the current object
context. All the platform defined functions will be executed wi th the current object and requestor
context.
With the introduction of User Defined Functions, another type o f context is introduced. This is
known as the target context.
6.1  T arget Object Context
T arget Context mainly refers to the object context which can be  set inside the function, which
allows the function to perform manipulation operations for that object, i.e., alteration and creation.
The object context of the caller and target object context can be different. It will now be possible to
obtain the values from the caller object context and alter the values of the target object with those
values.
The User has the option to override the context within the func tion later or use the same context
being passed. He can change the current and target object at any point and also switch target and
current object to each other.
$$TgtObject is used to evaluate the value of an expression in the context of the target object.
6.2  Parameter Evaluation Context
It is important to note that the parameter values which are pas sed to the functions are always
evaluated in the context of the caller . Parameter specification within the functions is just to
determine the data type, order and number of parameters. These are basically the place- holders
for values passed from caller object context. The target object context or context switch within the
function does not affect the initial values of the parameters. Later, within the function, these values
can be altered just like ordinary variables.
6.3  Return Value Evaluation
We have already discussed above that function can return a valu e. This can be specified by the
function by indicating the data type of the value it returns, n o specification as sumed as a void
function (a function which does not return a value). Each statement (Actions discussed in the next
During T ally Startup, T ally executes a function with the name “T allyMAIN”
Internal functions always override if both exist in the same name.
