                                                                            What’s New in Release 1.8
                                                                                                                                                                                           539
 
  
Set As : $$CallDllFunction : TestDll : FuncA : #Field1
T o call FuncB
[Key : Key1]
Key    : Ctrl+A
Action : Set : VarStatus : $$CallDllFunction : TestDll : FuncB : #Field1
This key can be associated to a Form or a Menu. The function FuncB in T estDll can be used to
return the status of the execution , i .e., Success/Failure (1/0) . This value can be obtained in a
variable in TDL and used to display the appropriate message to the user.
$$CallDllFunction can be used to call any function which returns single values. I f the function
returns an array of values, then it is advisable to use $$DLLCollection.
Let us have an overview of the usage of DLL Collection.
DLL Collection, its Attributes and Usage
T ally now provides a TDL interface to obtain data sets in Collection from external Plug-Ins. These
Plug-Ins are written as DLL’s which can be used to fetch external data (i.e., from Internet, external
Database, etc.). These DLL's should return a valid XML which ca n be easily mapped into TDL
Collection. In other words, TDL developer can provide a simple string value and/or XML to the
DLL function. The DLL gives XML data as an output. Collection takes this data and converts it into
objects and object methods, which can be accessed in TDL like other objects.
DLL collection will be very useful in the following scenarios:
1. T o display stock quotes from the internet
2. T o get data from different formats like CSV, HTML
3. External device interfaces
4. RFID Barcode scanner
5. Petrol Pump device interface
6. Foot fall count
7. External application interfaces
8. GAS distributor application
9. T o get attendance details in Pay Roll through swipe
In DLL collection, support is being provided for Plug-Ins and ActiveX-Plug-Ins.
 Plug-Ins: DLLs created using C++ or VC++. These DLLs need not be regist ered
separately.
 ActiveX Plug-Ins: DLLs created by using VB6, VB.Net, C#.Net, etc. These DLLs ha ve to 
be registered. Registration process has been explained in detail later.
At present, the ‘Collection’ definition allows working with a C ++ DLL, VB DLL, .Net DLL , e t c.,
which has a function defined by the name TDLCollection (The function has to be created by this
name ONL Y). This function delivers an XML which is available as objects in the Collection.
Attributes of DLL Collection
The attributes of DLL Collection can be categorized as follows:
 For specifying the source