                                                                            Dimensions and Formatting 
                                                                                                                                                                                           43
 
  
Definitions, whereas attributes ‘Left Parts’ and ‘Right Parts’ can be specified only in the ‘Part’
Definition.
Syntax
Top Parts         : <Part1, Part2, ….> 
Bottom Parts      : <Part1, Part2, ….>
Left Parts        : <Part1, Part2, ….> 
;; Only for Part Definition 
Right Parts       : <Part1, Part2, ….> 
;; Only for Part Definition
Example:
Top Parts      : ACLSFixedLed, TDSAutoDetails 
Bottom Parts   : PJR Sign
Left Parts     : EXPINV Declaration
;; Attribute ‘Left Parts’ can be used only for ‘Part’ Definition
Right Parts    : STKVCH Address
;; Attribute ‘Right Parts’ can be used only for ‘Part’ Definition
Top Parts and Bottom Parts – Form Definition
In cases where the T op Part or Bottom Part is specified within a Form Definition, it occupies the
T op Section or Bottom Section of the Form respectively, keeping in account the Space T op and
Space Bottom of the Form. The attribute Space Bottom impacts the Bottom Parts by moving them
from the bottom, in order to leave appropriate spaces. Similarl y, Space T op impacts the T op Parts
by moving them from the top, in order to leave appropriate spac es. The Bottom Parts/Bottom
Lines start printing from bottom to the top of the Form. If Height is specified at the Form Definition,
then the Bottom Parts/Lines start printing from the bottommost line within the specified Height.
Top Parts, Bottom Parts, Left Parts and Right Parts – Part Definition
In cases where the Left Part or Right Part is specified within a Part Definition, it occupies the Left
Section or Right Section of the Part respectively, keeping in view the Space Left and Space Right of
the Part. The attribute Space Right impacts the Right Parts by moving them from Right, in order to
leave appropriate spaces. Similarly, Space Left impacts the Left Parts by moving them from
Left, in order to leave appropriate spaces. If the intent is to have multiple parts printed horizontally,
then the Part Attribute ‘Vertical’ should be set to NO. In case s where the ‘Vertical’ Attribute is set
to YES, all the parts within this part will be printed vertical ly. I n  s u c h  c a s e s, the Left Parts will
position at the T op of the Screen/Page and the Right Parts at the Bottom of the Screen/Page.
In cases where the T op Part or Bottom Part is specified within a Part Definition, it occupies the T op
Section or Bottom Section of the Part respectively , keeping Space T op and Space Bottom of the
Part in account. The attribute Space Bottom impacts the Bottom Parts by moving them from the
bottom in order to leave appropriate space. Similarly , t h e  a t t r i b u t e  S p a c e  T o p  i m p a c t s  t h e  T o p
Parts by moving them from the T op in order to leave appropriate spaces. If the intent is to have
multiple parts printed vertically, then the Part Attribute Vertical should be set to Y es. If the Vertical
Attribute is set to No, then all the parts within this part wil l be printed horizontally . In such