                                                                             Objects and Collections
                                                                                                                                                                                           71
 
  
2.2  Sources of Collection
‘Collection’, the data processing artefact of TDL, provides extensive capabilities to gather data not
only from T ally database, but also from external sources using ODBC, DLLs and HTTP.
Based on the source of data, the collections are referred to as  External collection, ODBC
collection, HTTP XML collection and Aggregate/summary collection.
The Collection of Internal Objects
In cases where a collection contains objects from T ally database, it is referred to as an Internal
Collection. In the collection of internal objects, the attributes used are Type, Child Of, Belongs T o.
External Collection
The collection of static TDL objects are referred to as an External Collection. The attribute used to
create an external collection is ‘Object’.
ODBC Collection
The Data Objects populated in the collection are from an extern al database using ODBC. The
attributes used are ODBC, SQL, SQL Objects, SQL Parms and SQL Values.
HTTP XML Collection
The Objects of this collection are obtained from the XML file u sing HTTP. The file can be made
available either on the local machine or on the remote server . The attributes used in creating an
XML collections are ‘Remote URL’, ‘Remote Request’, ‘XML Object Path’ and ‘XML Object’.
DLL Collection
A collection can be populated with objects obtained by executin g a DLL file . The DLL’s can be
written using an external application to extend the existing fu nctionality of T ally. This allows the
users to extend the kernel capability by adding their own functions.
External Plug-Ins are written as DLL’s and can be of two types:
 C++ DLL’s
 ActiveX DLL’s
In order to create the Collection that calls an external PlugIn  the following attributes are used .
V alues can be passed to the DLL’s as parameters.
Syntax
[Collection : My DLL Collection]
Plug-In         : <path to dll>.<pInput param>
ActiveX Plug-In : <Project Name>.<Class Name>.<pInput param>
The value returned by executing the DLL will be available as objects in the collection.
2.3  Creating a Collection
TDL provides a set of attributes to create a collection and pop ulate it with objects obtained from
various data sources. The set of attributes used in the collect ion is based on the data source as
mentioned in the section Sources of Collections. This section describes the attributes used in the
creation of an internal and external collection. Creating colle ctions from various data sources will
be explained later.